Xuggle Contributor Agreement

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Xuggle, Inc. ("Xuggle")
product development community. Xuggle is very interested in receiving your
contribution to the Xuggle products ("Xuggle Products"). However, in order to
participate, we need to confirm how the rights in your contribution ("Your
Contributions") will be allocated. Following the practices of other open source
companies, Xuggle requests that you assign the copyrights and patents in Your
Contributions to Xuggle (with a license back to you to use it in any way that
you please). Xuggle requires that you have a Contributor Agreement on file
prior to using any of Your Contributions.  This Contributor Agreement is to
make clear the rights between the parties.

If you have not sent us a signed Contributor Agreement, please review and sign
the Contributor Agreement and send it by facsimile to Xuggle at 314-584-3275
(USA), or send an original by regular mail to Xuggle, Attn: Art Clarke, 1434
Page Street, San Francisco, CA  94117, USA.  Please read this Contributor
Agreement carefully before signing and keep the original for your records.

In consideration for the potential inclusion of Your Contributions in the
Xuggle Products and the license back, you, on behalf of yourself if you are an
individual, and on behalf of your company if you are signing this Contributor
Agreement as an authorized representative of your company, agree to the
following terms and conditions:

1.The term "Your Contributions" means all of your past, present and future
contributions of object code, source code and documentation to Xuggle, however
submitted to the Xuggle, excluding any submissions that are conspicuously
marked or otherwise designated in writing by you as “Not a Contribution.” 

2.You assign all right, title and interest worldwide in all patents,
inventions, copyrights and related moral rights ("IP Rights") for the full term
of their existence in and to Your Contributions to Xuggle and Xuggle shall be
able to record this assignment.  If the moral rights are not assignable, you
agree to waive their enforcement against Xuggle and its sublicensees, either
direct or indirect. However, at the same time, Xuggle grants to you a
non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free, transferable IP
Rights license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, distribute
(internally and externally, in object code and, if included in Your
Contributions, source code form), make, use, sell, offer for sale, publicly
perform and publicly display Your Contributions, with the right to sublicense
all of these rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees.  The intention of
the parties is that this license will be as broad as possible and to provide
you with rights as similar as possible to the rights of the owner of the IP
Rights. This license is limited to Your Contributions and does not provide any
rights to the Xuggle Products. 

3.You represent that you are legally entitled to assign the rights and grant
the license set forth in paragraph 2.  If you are an individual and your
employer(s) or third parties have rights to intellectual property that you
create, you represent that you have received permission to make Your
Contributions on behalf of that employer or third party, or that your employer
or that third party has waived such rights for Your Contributions to Xuggle.

4.You represent that, except as disclosed in Your Contribution submission(s),
each of Your Contributions is your original creation.  You represent that Your
Contribution submission(s) include complete details of any license or other
restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, copyrights and
trademarks) associated with any part of Your Contribution(s) (including a copy
of any applicable license agreement). You agree to notify Xuggle of any facts
or circumstances of which you become aware that would make your representations
in this Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

5.You provided Your Contributions AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND
DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Similarly, the license back to Your Contributions are
provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT

6.IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF
YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS, EVEN IF THE USER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

7.IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR Xuggle HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY.

8.This Contributor Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
California as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be
performed entirely within California between California residents and by the
laws of the United States.  You agree that the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980) is hereby excluded in its
entirety from application to this Contributor Agreement.  In the event of
invalidity of any provision of this Contributor Agreement, the parties agree
that such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of
this Contributor Agreement.  This Contributor Agreement is the entire agreement
between you and Xuggle relating to the subject matter of this Contributor
Agreement which supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral, and
may be amended only by a writing signed by both parties. This Contributor
Agreement can be assigned by either party.


Please sign: ______________________

Date: 	     ______________________

Your company if you are signing as an authorized representative on behalf of
your company:


Company:     ______________________

Xuggle:      ______________________

